[DOCS] Adds DeBERTA v2 to the tokenizers list in API docs (#112752)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc

end::inference-config-nlp-tokenization-truncate[]

tag::inference-config-nlp-tokenization-truncate-deberta-v2[]
Indicates how tokens are truncated when they exceed `max_sequence_length`.
The default value is `first`.
+
--

> * `balanced`: Both the first and second sequences are truncated such that `len(truncated(seq1)) = min(len(seq1), (max_sequence_length - special_character_count) / 2)` and `len(seq2) = max_sequence_length - len(truncated(seq1)) - special_character_count`.

Reviewer: the semantics of this changed today so we need to change this line, let me know if this makes sense to you. 

```suggestion
* `balanced`: One or both of the first and second sequences may be truncated so as to balance the tokens included from both sequences
```
